Dear data submitter,

you receive the following information as your e-mail address is connected to submissions of geomagnetic data products from OBSCODE observatory.
Your one-second data submission from 2016 has been automatically evaluated by IMBOT, an automatic data checker of INTERMAGNET.

The evaluation process resulted in

LEVEL 1

Your data has provisionaly been accepted by INTERMAGNET. Congratulations!

In order to continue the evaluation process some issues need to be clarified. Please read the attached report and instructions.

If you have any questions regarding the evalutation process please check out the general instructions (github link) or contact the IMBOT manager.


Sincerely,
       IMBOT


    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Instructions to update file and or meta information for re-evaluation of your data:

    1. Do NOT edit any file in the submitting directories as long as you are NOT ready to submit a revised set

    2. Please check the report for issues and suggested improvements

         The report is attached to this mail and can also be found within the level/OBSCODE directory of the GIN.
         The report is a text file in markdown language. You can read it in any text editor
         or you might choose a special markdown editor (e.g. https://dillinger.io/)  

    2.1. The report is titeled "OBSCODE" - Level 1 failed

         There are general problems with the file structure, data files,
         readability of your files. Please check the submitted files and convert them either 
         to IAGA-2002 and or IMAGCDF. Data which can be read by MagPy can usually also be 
         analyzed. Please upload corrected files into the step_0 directory of the GIN.

    2.2. The report is titeled "OBSCODE" - Level 1

         Your data is provisionally accepted by INTERMAGNET. 
         There are, however, minor issues. Mostly only some meta information, which is required for 
         INTERMAGNET archiving is missing. Please follow the instructions in section 3 for 
         obtaining level 2 clearance.

    2.3. The report is titeled "OBSCODE" - Level 2

         Your data set is accepted by INTERMAGNET and meets the criteria for final level 3 evaluation. 
         Nevertheless, please check the report for suggested improvements and follow the steps 
         outlined in section 3 if you want to consider them for the final data product (not obligatory). 
         A reviewer will automatically be asigned, who will manually check your submission. You
         will get a detailed report and contact information for the referee. Please note:
         Data checkers volunteered ... They perform these checks beside their usual workload.
         Usually, a final data check summary is obtained within three months after level 2 submission. 

         Please note, that level 3 evaluation also contains a very restrictive data quality check.
         Failing a level 3 evaluation has no consequence for your INTERMAGNET status. Please
         analyse the issues: it might be useful to trigger ... for improving instrumentation, 
         powering and eventually instruments location.  

    3. If you are ready to perform updates to your level 1 submission:

    3.1 Prepare you updates locally and upload them altogether.

    3.2 Upload new files and filled out sheets into the
        step_0 directory of the GIN.

    3.3 For meta information updates (level 1 and level 2):
        Please download "metainfo_update.txt" from the GIN
        to be found in directory level/"OBSCODE" along with 
        the report.
        Please add the requested data into this file.
        
    3.4 For file contents updates (level 1):
        Upload the new/corrected files and replace/delete old files.

    3.5 Approximately three hours after you finished your uploads
        an automatic evaluation will be triggered.

    4. Problems

        If you have problems or questions please contact the IMBOT manager.

                               
